Specifies that agentless deployment is not supported on GovCloud (#1525)
elastic/docs-content: solutions/security/cloud/cloud-security-posture-management.md

* Minimum privileges vary depending on whether you need to read, write, or manage CSPM data and integrations. Refer to [CSPM privilege requirements](/solutions/security/cloud/cspm-privilege-requirements.md).
* The CSPM integration is available to all {{ecloud}} users. On-premise deployments require an [Enterprise subscription](https://www.elastic.co/pricing).
* CSPM only works in the `Default` {{kib}} space. Installing the CSPM integration on a different {{kib}} space will not work.

> * CSPM is supported only on AWS, GCP, and Azure commercial cloud platforms, and AWS GovCloud. AWS GovCloud is only supported for agent-based deployments, agentless deployments do not work on this platform. Other government cloud platforms are not supported. [Click here to request support](https://github.com/elastic/kibana/issues/new/choose).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* CSPM is supported only on AWS, GCP, and Azure commercial cloud platforms, and AWS GovCloud. AWS GovCloud is only supported for agent-based deployments. Agentless deployments do not work on this platform. Other government cloud platforms are not supported. [Click here to request support](https://github.com/elastic/kibana/issues/new/choose).
```
I presume that you want the repetition to make the message clear, but for readability/easier text scanning, wouldn't it make sense to split it into 2 sentences? Same thing in the other file.

Author: I prefer it as one sentence because then it's clear that by "this platform" I am referring to AWS GovCloud.

Reviewer 2: >I prefer it as one sentence because then it's clear that by "this platform" I am referring to AWS GovCloud.

Totally get that. What about an em dash instead since these could be two complete sentences? (Or a semicolon, though I'm not really a fan of them... 🙂)

Also, what do you think about making the link text a little clearer? (I don't think this is in Elastic's style guide, but I tend to structure sentences that have the potential to send the reader off in totally a different direction to start with information about why they might click the link followed by the link so it feels natural to read the full sentence before clicking.)

```suggestion
* CSPM is supported only on AWS, GCP, and Azure commercial cloud platforms, and AWS GovCloud. AWS GovCloud is only supported for agent-based deployments — agentless deployments do not work on this platform. Other government cloud platforms are not supported. To request support for other platforms, [open a GitHub issue](https://github.com/elastic/kibana/issues/new/choose).
```
